a bellows the first day training Floyd
Mayweather what's it like having a champ
back in the gym I mean it's always a
good experience you know the energy gets
it gets raised elevated 10 times more
than it already is I mean he's already
in shape it's crazy because he said it's
his first day back but it's like he
never left and i'm standing then it just
it just provides better energy or more
energy to us upcoming fighters that is
about to go and perform this product now
being I remember you in vegas for years
ago you were upcoming amateur when your
pro career first got started a little
hard to get fights then you linked up
with the money team and things are
rolling now what's it just like being
part of the money too I mean the
experience itself is a blessing you know
being a part of the team the team to be
a part of is the money team so to be a
part of the team it's just a bit that's
that's a blessing at me it just gives me
something most to strive for because you
know being that they always under the
light oh it's always somebody looking at
the moon tean it give me some more to
live up to so I just constantly pushing
myself to the maximum now what are you
expecting from this camp employed like
what do you think getting wrecked two
months away from Canelo's fight what do
you expect them from him oh I mean they
said the usual I may I don't know nobody
work as hard as he do I noticed babe we
all work hard but I'm saying like he got
gears on top of the game show me it's
just the usual I'm I'll expect nothing
more than less and I actually get my
opinion I think Canelo get stopped just
right now I will make sure I say that
right now I think Canelo get stop this
fight right here alright thanks Billy no
prob
now i'ma show what I know to paper and
pencils I don't rap about swangas like
it's a bitch oh man I thought you